EEG CORRELA TES OF ERROR-RELA TED ACTIVITY DURING
BALLISTIC COMPUTER MOUSE MOVEMENTS
Idorenyin Amaunam1, Mushfika Sultana1, Borja Rodriguez-Herreros2, Tej Tadi3, Robert Leeb3,
Serafeim Perdikis1
1Brain-Computer Interface and Neural Engineering Laboratory, School of Computer Science and
Electronic Engineering, University of Essex, United Kingdom
2Service des Troubles du Spectre de l’Autisme et apparentés, Département de psychiatrie, Lausanne
University Hospital (CHUV), Lausanne, Switzerland
3Mindmaze SA, Lausanne, Switzerland
E-mail: ia21792@essex.ac.uk
ABSTRACT: It has been repeatedly shown that process-
ing of perceived errors in the human brain may elicit
some type of evoked response in electroencephalogra-
phy (EEG) collectively termed as Error-Related Poten-
tial (ErrP). The study of ErrP signatures offers a poten-
tial back door to better understanding how the brain en-
codes and reacts to errors and a useful tool for poking
adaptation and learning, but also has several practical ap-
plications in Brain-Computer Interface (BCI) and general
Human-Computer Interaction (HCI). The bulk of this lit-
erature has focused on so-called “interaction” ErrP, re-
flecting the response to discrete events occurring during
self-paced, casual interaction of a subject with their en-
vironment. Here we present a two-case study investigat-
ing the existence and characteristics of ErrP EEG corre-
lates in an eye-hand coordination task consisting in “bal-
listic” computer mouse movements, where the action and
reaction time constraints imposed on the subject are ex-
tremely tight. We show that clear EEG substrates of er-
ror processing can be retrieved for both subjects and bare
strong similarities with the interaction ErrP waveforms.
The findings of this work suggest the possibility of detect-
ing, in real-time, errors committed during fast-paced in-
teraction, thus potentially enabling automatic ErrP-based
error correction in real-world BCI and HCI scenarios.
INTRODUCTION
Error-Related Potentials (ErrPs) are Event-Related Po-
tential (ERP) waveforms in EEG time-locked to the re-
alization of committed errors [1]. Mainly owing to its
utility as an automatic, subconscious means of error cor-
rection during BCI [2] or general HCI, the topic of ErrP
signatures in various contexts has been extensively stud-
ied in the last 20 years [3]. ErrP correlates are relatively
slow signals characterized by a negative fronto-central
peak around 100 ms after the error onset, and followed
by a larger, positive, centro-parietal peak with latency
about 500 ms, which has been associated with the sub-
ject’s awareness of the error [1, 4]. Based on source imag-
ing and localization studies, ErrP correlates are believed
to originate in the anterior cingulate cortex [1, 4].
Besides the inherent interest of cognitive neuroscience in
ErrPs as a means to elucidate the brain’s error process-
ing mechanisms [1, 5], ErrP detection has attracted a lot
of attention due to a wide spectrum of promising appli-
cations in BCI and HCI. First and foremost, ErrP recog-
nition offers a seamless avenue for automatic error cor-
rection in human-machine interfaces [6, 7] that requires
no direct manual intervention by the user [3]. In partic-
ular, this is convenient for BCI applications where EEG
or other brain signal monitoring is already available to
support the main interface control modality [8–14], so
that ErrP detection yields no additional burden for the
system’s apparatus. As ErrPs are a natural physiological
“reward”/punishment signal, they have also been used in
the context of BCI human-machine co-adaptation [15],
especially with respect to reinforcement learning ap-
proaches [16–18]. Interestingly, under the same frame-
work ErrPs may also play the role of the main BCI modal-
ity [19, 20]. In order to optimize such applications, a lot
of studies have been dedicated to the design of machine
learning and other techniques for enabling high-accuracy
single-trial classification of ErrP correlates, overcoming
various engineering challenges [4, 12, 21–23].
The aforementioned prototypical error-related pattern is
commonly observed in experimental protocols involving
“discrete” errors of the interface that clearly constitute
single events: there is an abrupt, profound error onset to
which the ErrP signal is time-locked, and the duration of
the erroneous action or feedback are relatively short [4,
11, 23, 24], even when such errors are embedded in con-
tinuous interaction and unpredictable feedback tasks [6,
12, 14, 25, 26]. Very few investigations have been car-
ried out with regard to gradually unfolding errors [27].
However, despite the similarities of extracted ErrP wave-
forms in this regular discrete ErrP category, important
differences or even complete absence of ErrPs have been
denoted depending on the particular task (e.g., interac-
tion, response, or observation [3]) and contextual circum-
stances [24] of the experimental design.
As previously argued [1], a critical factor in the elicita-
tion and shape of ErrPs may be the time constraints im-
posed on a human subject when requested to detect er-
rors. Notwithstanding the fact that many of the studies in
this literature yielded high mental workload for the user
during the error recognition task induced by concurrent
observation or interaction tasks, typically, the amount of
time available to consolidate the occurrence of an error is
ample. Here, we aimed to investigate whether ErrP sig-
natures can be elicited and captured in EEG activity when
errors happen while human individuals are engaged in an
extremely fast-paced eye-hand coordination activity.
The elegance and efficiency of human movements owes
much to our ability to compensate for inaccuracies and
environmental perturbations. Performing online correc-
tions relies on real-time monitoring of the hand/body tra-
jectory from the onset of the movement [28]. We devised
an experimental protocol with two related but distinct
goals: (i) to assess the facilitatory effects of excitatory
neuromodulation, specifically, anodal high-density tran-
scranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) [29] of the
intraparietal sulcus on visuo-motor coordination, and (ii)
to determine the existence and features of ErrP with si-
multaneous EEG monitoring, while subjects are asked to
perform a “double-step” reaching task. Here, we provide
preliminary analysis on the second goal of describing po-
tential EEG correlates of error perception in this protocol.
Online eye-hand coordination has often been investigated
via double-step reaching tasks, in which the target of a
reaching movement suddenly moves to a new location af-
ter the movement onset and subjects are asked to adjust
the movement trajectory to compensate for the perturba-
tion. In the present study, subjects were required to put
the computer mouse pointer into a narrow circular target
at the top of the screen starting from a base location at
the bottom with “ballistic” movements, as accurately and,
very importantly, as fast as possible, with maximum pos-
sible velocity and acceleration. We hypothesized that tar-
get displacement during ballistic movements may evoke
ErrP waveforms and seek to describe them. Our prelimi-
nary results with two subjects confirm this hypothesis and
suggest that, despite the task’s extreme timing demands,
the elicited error-related responses resemble the interac-
tion ErrPs identified in the literature. We further show
that trials with target displacement can be identified with
a shallow classifier, opening the road for enriching natu-
ralistic interaction with elaborate error detection and cor-
rection capabilities even for hurried tasks.
MATERIALS AND METHODS
Participants:
We report on two subjects, S1 and S2, randomly picked
for initial analysis from a larger dataset of 28 healthy
right-handed volunteers (11 female; mean age 24.9 ±
5.8 years). All participants were naïve with respect to
the experimental procedures and the hypothesis of the
study. Participants had normal or corrected-to-normal vi-
sual acuity and reported no history of neuropsychiatric
Figure 1: Experimental protocol. Trial timeline and illustration
of the protocol’s events and visual elements.
disorders. Prior to their inclusion in the study, partici-
pants signed written informed consent. The study was
performed according to the declaration of Helsinki and
was approved by the local Ethics Committee. All partic-
ipants were screened for HD-tDCS tolerance [29]. The
Edinburgh handedness inventory was administered to as-
sess handedness.
Experimental setup and protocol:
Participants were seated in front of a table positioned 45-
50 cm below their eyes. Visual stimuli (see below) were
generated using Python v3.6 running on Windows 10 in
an Intel Core i7-7700 3.6 GHz computer and displayed
on a 24” HP E232 monitor with a refresh rate of 60 Hz
and a resolution of 1920x1080 pixels. A high-speed Log-
itech G G203 prodigy cable mouse, sampling at 250 Hz,
was used to track the hand’s 2D spatial position during
reaching movements.
EEG data were recorded at 500 Hz sampling rate with
a Starstim 8 hybrid EEG/tDCS 8-channel, active, wet,
Ag/AgCl electrode system (Neuroelectrics, Barcelona,
Spain). We measured positions FCz, FC1, Cz, CP1, CP5,
P3, PO3 and PO7 of the 10-20 EEG localization sys-
tem. This channel montage was designed to satisfy and
compromise the needs of both the goals set during the
study’s design, including the possibility to focally excite
the intraparietal sulcus through tDCS. Enough, strategi-
cally placed electrodes covering fronto-central and pari-
etal cortical areas were included to capture ErrP activity.
Each subject executed 3 experimental sessions, which
consisted of 5 runs each. Each run lasted approximately 6
minutes, and included 100 trials performed with the sub-
ject’s dominant hand, for a total of 1500 trials per subject.
Subject S1 of this study exectuted an additional 3 ses-
sions of 3 runs each, for a total of 2400 trials. The exper-
imental task consisted in performing a fast goal-directed
reaching movement towards a visual target located in the
center of the screen (Fig. 1). Prior to the initiation of the
trial, participants were required to move the mouse to the
starting position in the bottom center of the screen. Af-
ter 1000ms with the mouse placed at this starting point,
a small white fixation cross was automatically shown as
a warning signal in the centre of the screen. The fixa-
tion cross preceded the target onset by a variable period
(300 or 800ms) to avoid participants from predicting the
timing of that onset. Trials with (34%) and without (66%)
target displacement were presented in pseudo-random or-
der. In non-displaced trials, the target remained static in
the center of the screen. In displaced trials, however, the
target showed an unexpected 10.5cm (400 pixels) lateral
displacement–to the left or to the right with a 50-50%
chance-, after the initiation of the reaching movement.
The movement onset was detected by a 50 mm/s velocity
threshold of the mouse movement. The target displace-
ment was timed exactly at the movement onset (maxi-
mum 6 ms delay due to technical limitations of the exper-
imental protocol) to assure that participants did not have
relevant visual cues about the final position of the target
during the initial movement planning.
The total longitudinal distance between the starting point
and the target was 30 cm (1200 pixels) in the screen. The
ratio between the distance travelled by the mouse in the
real world and the cursor in the screen was 2:3, that is,
when the mouse moved for example by 20 cm, the cursor
advanced by 30 cm in the screen. To discard trials with
long reaction times, a warning sound was provided when
the velocity threshold required to start the movement was
not reached during the 500 ms that followed the target
onset. Participants were instructed to hit the target as fast
and as accurate as possible performing a ballistic move-
ment, exhibiting maximum velocities and accelerations
over a very short period of time. When the target was
displaced, participants had to adjust their hand trajectory
to succeed in hitting the target in its final location. The
target was presented for 1000 ms. At the end of the reach-
ing movement, participants brought their hand back to the
starting point, and prepared to start the next trial. Partici-
pants were instructed not to move their trunk with respect
to the chair and avoid head movements.
Data Analysis and Evaluation:
EEG data were band-passed with a Butterworth filter
within [1-20] Hz to remove signal drifts and isolate the
spectral range within which ErrP components are known
to be found [7]. The final epochs considered for anal-
ysis corresponded to the trial segment [-1, 1] s where
t = 0 s the movement onset. Subsequently, automatic ar-
tifact removal with FORCe [30] and DC removal baselin-
ing were applied to each epoch. Finally, we removed
all epochs whose maximum filtered amplitude exceeded
100 µV . We assessed the statistical significance of the
difference in amplitude among trials of a subject with
(Error) and without (Correct) displacement through two-
sided, unpaired t-tests with a = 0.05 and Bonferroni cor-
rection for multiple ( N = 8000, 8 channels × 1000 time
points) comparisons. Two-class (Correct vs Error) classi-
fication accuracy is derived with 10-fold cross-validation
employing a binary Decision Tree (DT) classifier. DT is
selected for a first attempt to classify these novel ErrPs
as less vulnerable to overfitting and class-bias than other
shallow models (including linear or quadratic discrimi-
nant analysis with regularization/shrinkage), taking into
account the fact that there are double Correct than Error
trials in the dataset. The 100-best, in terms of r2 feature
fitness, spatio-temporal amplitude features are selected
using the fold’s training data. Average and standard devi-
ation (across folds) of the total and class-wise classifica-
tion accuracy are reported per subject.
RESULTS
We present results on 2306 trials of S1 and 1494 trials of
S2 that survived the trial rejection. Fig. 2 and 3 estab-
lish beyond doubt both the elicitation of evoked poten-
tials during the performance of this protocol’s task, and
the fact that pronounced and statistically significant dif-
ferences exist between Correct (with no target displace-
ment) and Error (with target displacement) trials. The
grand average waveforms are consistent across subjects.
Correct trials (blue) exhibit a large positive peak around
t = 500 ms from movement/displacement onset ( t =
0 ms), followed by a very small “refractory” negative
peak at t = 680 ms for S1; this is completely absent for
S2. Early negative peaks can be also identified around
t = 260 ms, especially for S2 and for Error trials. On
the other hand, Error trials (red) show a similar shape,
which is however delayed: the large positive peak is lo-
cated around t = 600 ms and the refractory negative peak
around t = 750 ms for S1 and slightly before t = 1.0 s
for S2. As a result, the average difference Error-Correct
(black) demonstrates a first negative peak at t = 500 ms
(very consistently for both subjects) ahead of a larger pos-
itive peak in the interval t = [650,720] ms. The differ-
ences Correct versus Error are statistically significant in
the period [400 − 800] ms that includes both the negative
and the positive peak, for both subjects; there are no sig-
nificant differences outside this interval (apart from few
very short, spurious ones), which further points to the ob-
served effects corresponding to ErrPs.
The grand average difference between Correct and Er-
ror trials is very similar to that reported in the litera-
ture for interaction ErrP in different contexts [1, 4, 7, 11,
12]. Along the same lines, Fig. 4 shows that the derived
waveform, despite being fairly spread for both subjects,
is stronger in fronto-central (channels FCz, Cz) and to a
lesser extent parietal (PO3) regions, and is not particu-
larly lateralized (i.e., the phenomena fade out for periph-
eral channels), which also aligns well with the findings of
previous studies on ErrPs.
Fig. 5 shows that above-chance classification accuracy
can be obtained for S1 and S2 with a DT classifier dis-
criminating Error from Correct trials. However, the clas-
sification is biased towards the dominant Correct class,
and only half of the ErrPs can be identified correctly.
DISCUSSION
The results confirm both the generation of evident ErrP
EEG correlates in the framework of this protocol, and
that these are similar to interaction ErrPs. However, sig-
nificant differences are also noted. In particular, while
the difference Error-Correct (black curve in Fig. 2 and 3)
exhibits an anticipated “large positive, then small nega-
Time (s)
Potential (uV)
S1 
Figure 2: Grand averages of S1 trials. Correct trial average in blue, Error in red. The black line illustrates the difference Error-Correct.
Vertical, dashed lines indicate salient time points: magenta for t = 0 ms (basllistic movement onset) and green for t = 500 ms. Yellow
circles illustrate statistically significant difference between Error and Correct amplitudes for this time point.
Potential (uV)
S2
Time (s)
Figure 3: Grand averages of S2 trials. See Fig. 2 caption for details.
tive peak” pattern on grand averages [1, 4, 7, 11, 12],
compared to the literature, both peaks seem to be de-
layed by approximately 100-200 ms (Fig. 4). Another,
maybe more peculiar, discrepancy concerns the manifes-
(S1) 
S1, max, t=654ms S1, min, t=504ms 
S2, max, t=726ms S2, min, t=496ms 
Figure 4: Topographic distribution of the average EEG ampli-
tude difference Error-Correct within the narrow 8-channel lay-
out used, for the maximum statistically significant positive dif-
ference peak (left) and the minimum, statistically significant
negative difference peak (right) for subjects S1 (top) and S2
(bottom). Text on top of the plots specifies the exact time point
where the corresponding peaks shown are located. Bright yel-
low indicates large positive average difference, deep blue large
negative average difference, and green no average difference.
Figure 5: Average and standard deviation (across cross-
validation folds) of the Total and class-wise (Correct, Error)
classification accuracy for subjects S1 (blue) and S2 (red). The
horizontal, dashed, light blue line marks the 58% random clas-
sification threshold [31].
tation of profound, strong peaks also in Correct trials. In
relevant works, the Error-Correct curve’s average wave-
form seems to result from the corresponding modulation
in Error trials alone, with Correct trials remaining flat [1,
12], or only reaching modest peak amplitudes [11] (much
smaller than that of Error trials). On the contrary, here we
denote for both subjects a similar signature for both dis-
placed and non-displaced target trials, whose peaks are of
comparable amplitude; consequently, the Error-Correct
grand average resembles that of regular interaction ErrPs
solely due to the fact that ErrPs are delayed with respect
to Correct potentials.
One possible explanation is that both Correct and Error
patterns may receive contributions by Visually Evoked
Potentials generated by the target stimulus appearances,
resulting (through some complex and currently unclear
process) in the observed waveform shapes. The delayed
Error signature seems to somewhat align with this theory.
Of note, the original target stimulus happens at a random,
subject-dependent time in the interval [-0.5,0] ms before
the movement onset (t = 0) (the trial was discarded if no
movement occurred within 0.5 s after the target projec-
tion). The displaced target appearance (only for Error tri-
als) happens at most 6 ms after t = 0. Hence, the derived
signatures cannot be explained on the basis of Visually
Evoked Potential (VEP) contributions alone. The high
mental workload exerted here could also be implicated
with the delayed responses.
Whatever the rationale behind the features of the ErrPs
emerging in this protocol, strong peaks in Correct trials
render their single-trial detection a particularly difficult
task, as shown by the compromised classification accu-
racy obtained (yet, significantly above the random classi-
fication level overall [31]).
CONCLUSION
Our two-case study corroborates the elicitation of ErrP
EEG signals in an extremely hurried eye-hand coordina-
tion task comprising “ballistic” computer mouse move-
ments, and substantiates that the corresponding signa-
tures are similar to the interaction ErrPs described in the
relevant literature for various protocols involving EEG-
monitored error processing. We show that these ErrPs
can be recognized in single-trial by means of a shallow
classifier, albeit accurate classification seems to be chal-
lenging. These preliminary results suggest that it may be
possible to detect errors from EEG even under extremely
tight time constraints of the underlying task, thus poten-
tially enabling automatic ErrP-based error correction in
rushed, real-world BCI and HCI scenarios. Future work
entails confirming these results using data from all partic-
ipants, delving into the mechanisms leading to this kind
of novel ErrPs and improving the classification outcome
leveraging the large number of subjects and trials avail-
able to apply deep and transfer learning techniques.
REFERENCES
[1] Chavarriaga R, Sobolewski A, Millán JdR. Er-
rare machinale est: The use of error-related potentials
in brain-machine interfaces. Frontiers in Neuroscience.
2014;8.
[2] Chaudhary U, Birbaumer N, Ramos-Murguialday A.
Brain–computer interfaces for communication and reha-
bilitation. Nature Reviews Neurology. 2016;12(9):513–
525.
[3] Pires G, Castelo-Branco M, Guger C, Cisotto G. Ed-
itorial: Error-related potentials: Challenges and applica-
tions. Frontiers in Human Neuroscience. 2022;16.
[4] Ferrez PW, Millán JdR. Error-related EEG poten-
tials generated during simulated brain–computer inter-
action. IEEE Transactions on Biomedical Engineering.
2008;55(3):923–929.
[5] Hoffmann S, Falkenstein M. Predictive informa-
tion processing in the brain: Errors and response
monitoring. International Journal of Psychophysiology.
2012;83(2):208–212.
[6] Milekovic T, Ball T, Schulze-Bonhage A, Aertsen A,
Mehring C. Error-related electrocorticographic activity in
humans during continuous movements. Journal of Neural
Engineering. 2012;9(2):026007.
[7] Spüler M, Niethammer C. Error-related potentials
during continuous feedback: using EEG to detect errors
of different type and severity. Frontiers in Human Neuro-
science. 2015;9.
[8] Spüler M, Bensch M, Kleih S, Rosenstiel W, Bog-
dan M, Kübler A. Online use of error-related potentials in
healthy users and people with severe motor impairment
increases performance of a P300-BCI. Clinical Neuro-
physiology. 2012;123(7):1328–1337.
[9] Schmidt NM, Blankertz B, Treder MS. Online detec-
tion of error-related potentials boosts the performance of
mental typewriters. BMC Neuroscience. 2012;13(1).
[10] Cruz A, Pires G, Nunes UJ. Double ErrP Detection
for Automatic Error Correction in an ERP-Based BCI
Speller. IEEE Transactions on Neural Systems and Re-
habilitation Engineering. 2018;26(1):26–36.
[11] Bevilacqua M, Perdikis S, Millán JdR. On error-
related potentials during sensorimotor-based brain-
computer interface: Explorations with a pseudo-online
brain-controlled speller. IEEE Open Journal of Engineer-
ing in Medicine and Biology. 2019;1:17–22.
[12] Lopes-Dias C, Sburlea AI, Müller-Putz GR. Online
asynchronous decoding of error-related potentials dur-
ing the continuous control of a robot. Scientific Reports.
2019;9(1).
[13] Iwane F, Iturrate I, Chavarriaga R, Millán JdR. In-
variability of EEG error-related potentials during contin-
uous feedback protocols elicited by erroneous actions at
predicted or unpredicted states. Journal of Neural Engi-
neering. 2021;18(4):046044.
[14] Iwane F, Sobolewski A, Chavarriaga R, Millán
JdR. EEG error-related potentials encode magnitude of
errors and individual perceptual thresholds. iScience.
2023;26(9):107524.
[15] Perdikis S, Millan JdR. Brain-machine interfaces: A
tale of two learners. IEEE Systems, Man, and Cybernetics
Magazine. 2020;6(3):12–19.
[16] Llera A, Gerven M van, Gómez V, Jensen O, Kap-
pen H. On the use of interaction error potentials for
adaptive brain computer interfaces. Neural Networks.
2011;24(10):1120–1127.
[17] Kim SK, Kirchner EA, Stefes A, Kirchner F. In-
trinsic interactive reinforcement learning – using error-
related potentials for real world human-robot interaction.
Scientific Reports. 2017;7(1).
[18] Ehrlich SK, Cheng G. Human-agent co-adaptation
using error-related potentials. Journal of Neural Engi-
neering. 2018;15(6):066014.
[19] Chavarriaga R, Millan JdR. Learning from EEG
error-related potentials in noninvasive brain-computer in-
terfaces. IEEE Transactions on Neural Systems and Re-
habilitation Engineering. 2010;18(4):381–388.
[20] Iturrate I, Chavarriaga R, Montesano L, Minguez J,
Millán JdR. Teaching brain-machine interfaces as an al-
ternative paradigm to neuroprosthetics control. Scientific
Reports. 2015;5(1).
[21] Millan J, Mouriño J. Asynchronous BCI and local
neural classifiers: an overview of the adaptive brain inter-
face project. IEEE Transactions on Neural Systems and
Rehabilitation Engineering. 2003;11(2):159–161.
[22] Iturrate I, Montesano L, Minguez J. Task-dependent
signal variations in EEG error-related potentials for
brain–computer interfaces. Journal of Neural Engineer-
ing. 2013;10(2):026024.
[23] Usama N, Niazi IK, Dremstrup K, Jochumsen M.
Detection of error-related potentials in stroke patients
from EEG using an artificial neural network. Sensors
(Basel). 2021;21(18):6274.
[24] Si-Mohammed H et al. Detecting system errors in
virtual reality using EEG through error-related potentials.
In: Proceedings of the IEEE Conference on Virtual Real-
ity and 3D User Interfaces, VR 2020. United States, Mar.
2020, 653–661.
[25] Kreilinger A, Neuper C, Müller-Putz GR. Error
potential detection during continuous movement of an
artificial arm controlled by brain–computer interface.
Medical and Biological Engineering and Computing.
2012;50(3):223–230.
[26] Lopes Dias C, Sburlea AI, Müller-Putz GR. Masked
and unmasked error-related potentials during continu-
ous control and feedback. Journal of Neural Engineering.
2018;15(3):036031.
[27] Omedes J, Iturrate I, Minguez J, Montesano L.
Analysis and asynchronous detection of gradually un-
folding errors during monitoring tasks. Journal of Neural
Engineering. 2015;12(5):056001.
[28] Bard C, Turrell Y, Fleury M, Teasdale N, Lamarre
Y, Martin O. Deafferentation and pointing with visual
double-step perturbations. Experimental Brain Research.
1999;125(4):410–416.
[29] Nitsche MA, Paulus W. Excitability changes in-
duced in the human motor cortex by weak transcranial
direct current stimulation. The Journal of Physiology.
2000;527(Pt 3):633.
[30] Daly I, Scherer R, Billinger M, Müller-Putz
G. FORCe: Fully online and automated artifact re-
moval for brain-computer interfacing. IEEE Transac-
tions on Neural Systems and Rehabilitation Engineering.
2014;23(5):725–736.
[31] Müller-Putz G, Scherer R, Brunner C, Leeb R,
Pfurtscheller G. Better than random? A closer look
on BCI results. International Journal of Bioelectromag-
netism. 2008;10(1):52–55.